Rename QueryHandle and QueryBackend to Provider variants (#1665)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: doc/comparisons.md

- Both CTL and Lucid support [Blockfrost](./blockfrost.md) and [Kupo+Ogmios](./runtime.md)
- Lucid also supports [Maestro](https://www.gomaestro.org/)

> - Both CTL and Lucid allow for custom backends - Lucid via `Provider` interface implementation, and CTL via a custom `Provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both CTL and Lucid support multiple query backends through a `Provider` interface. Although CTL does not support specifying custom backends without forking, individual queries in the existing backend can still be replaced. Refer to [doc/custom-query-layers.md](./custom-query-layers.md) for more information.
```
